Baud Rate, in the sense used today (circa 2016) in data communication, especially serial communication (think UART),
refers to the bit rate of transmission or reception. The unit is bits per second(BPS) or quantity changing X times per 
second("bit" is understood to be the quantity varying here), i.e. Hz.

Baud Rate is more accurately described by "Symbol Rate". Communication over any medium is achieved by changing certain
characteristics of the medium in a meaningful way. For example, in modern serial communication, change of "voltage" of the 
connecting medium (wires) conveys information. Digital Communication is when we want to transfer information in terms of bits,
or binary digits. So, if a HIGH voltage(say 3.3V) is 1 and a LOW votage(say 0V) is 0, then a change in voltage will signify
data of '1' or '0'. In this case, we have 2 states of the medium (voltage) representing the 2 binary digits. So, the rate at which
the medium's characteristics (voltage) change is essentially the same as the rate of change of bits in the information. This is 
essentially how UART communication today takes place - 1 bit change is represented by 1 state. The state is formally called
a Symbol.

Now, if HIGH1 = 3.3V, HIGH2 = 5V, LOW1 = 1.8V and LOW2 = 0V, then depending on the change, it can represent 4 distinct symbols.
If we map each of these "Symbols" to a binary value (Digital Communication) say, like below:
HIGH2 = 0b'00 (5V represents 0b'00)
HIGH1 = 0b'01 (3.3V represent 0b'01)
LOW1 =  0b'10 (1.8V represents 0b'10)
LOW2 =  0b'11 (0V represents 0b'11)

then, we are essentially sending 2 bits with each state. The "Baud" is still the rate of the change of Symbols. But the bitrate,
is now essentially 2xSymbol rate, so, if the baud is, say, 9600 Hz then, the bitrate is actually 19200 bits per second.
This is true for "wire" based media. With wireless media, the characteristics of an electromagetic wave can be modified 
(phase/amplitude/frequency) so that each state (i.e. a combination of different characteristic values is a state) represents
multiple bits.

In general, if, using characteristics and combinations, we produce N unique combinations, that is to say N unique symbols,
then, "log(N) to base 2" bits can be represented by each symbol. 
For example, with 16 unique symbols in a communication scheme, each symbol represents 4 bits (2^4 == 16), so bitrate = 4xSymbolRate
or in other words, 4xBaud Rate.

Coming back to where we see this commonly, in UARTs, the "Symbols" are 2 voltage levels that represent 0 and 1. Which means 
each symbol represents 1 bit. Which means baud rate (symbol rate) is the same as bit rate. Which means, you should have understood
what it means now.

ciao.
